---
templateKey: blog-post
title: Best Laptop 2021
date: 2020-12-25T06:24:12.557Z
description: Buying a professional gaming laptop under ₹200000 (Two Lakhs) In
  India can be fairly difficult? Here in this guide, we have shortlisted the 7
  best gaming laptops under 2 Lakhs that can fulfill your requirements. Gaming
  is a big segment and there are thousands of professional gamers who love
  playing games and recommend buying decent gaming laptops. Initially, the only
  desktop will be recommended by.
featuredpost: false
featuredimage: /img/1-1.jpg
tags:
  - best laptop
  - ""
---
Buying a professional gaming laptop under ₹200000 (Two Lakhs) In India can be fairly difficult? Here in this guide, we have shortlisted the 7 best gaming laptops under 2 Lakhs that can fulfill your requirements. Gaming is a big segment and there are thousands of professional gamers who love playing games and recommend buying decent gaming laptops. Initially, the only desktop will be recommended by professional gamers but nowadays the scenario has totally changed. And in the modern times, the PC manufacturing company has focused on a gaming laptop and producing light and portable machine with powerful processor and graphics that can capable to handling high-quality settings as well as heavy graphical tasks works without any interruptions. For video editing and rendering works, these laptops work as a great experience. A budget of up to Rs. 2 Lakhs is quite premium for buying a perfect notebook, particularly for high-end gaming. The NVIDIA has released it’s latest 10-Series graphics segment, and most of the PC manufacturing companies have updated their laptops with gaming line-up series to perform your tasks easily. These high-end gaming laptops come with a powerful hardware configuration and better cooling mechanism to prevent overheating and performance throttling. With high-end specifications and features, these gaming laptops can be used for longer sessions. These gaming laptops under 2,00,000 rupees is very compact and lightweight in design, so it can carry everywhere easily without any stress.

If you are willing to spend up to Rs. 2,00,000 (Two Lakhs) in India, then there are a number of laptops options that you can choose between different brands such as Razer, MSI, ASUS, HP, Lenovo, Acer, and DELL. In this article, we have mentioned the 7 best gaming laptops under Rs. 2,00,000 Lakhs . You can read their specifications, features, and description before buying a gaming laptop. Here is the list of 7 best gaming laptops under Rs. 2,00,000 Lakhs (Two Lakhs).